Update README.md (#14)
eclipse-emfcloud/emfjson-jackson: README.md

	<version>1.3.1</version>
</dependency>
```

> You can download the jars from [Maven Central](https://search.maven.org/search?q=org.eclipse.emfcloud%20emfjson)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download the releases from [Maven Central](https://search.maven.org/search?q=org.eclipse.emfcloud%20emfjson) (note that there are currently releases yet)
```
